README.md, before:

# [Kicassoo](https://jaycode88.github.io/Kicassoo/)


** amiresponsive image here **

Welcome to Kicassoo, the online showcase for an abstract artist's captivating collections. This website highlights Kicassoo's profile and creative works while offering visitors a glimpse into the vibrant world of contemporary art. With the addition of a dedicated Print Store, users can now explore and purchase a variety of products featuring Kicassoo's unique artwork, merging art appreciation with accessible, personalized pieces.

## Purpose
The primary purpose of the website is to establish a professional online presence for Kicassoo, an abstract artist, by showcasing curated collections and offering a unique shopping experience. Kicassoo serves as a platform to introduce the artist’s work to a broader audience, offering visitors an insight into the artist's creative vision and distinctive style.

With a focus on simplicity and elegance, the website features an accessible Print Store where visitors can purchase a variety of products adorned with Kicassoo's artwork. This addition enhances engagement by allowing art enthusiasts to bring Kicassoo’s creations into their personal spaces, further connecting them with the artist's expressive work. Through both artistic display and functional eCommerce, the site captures and celebrates the essence of Kicassoo's art, fostering a deeper connection with visitors.

## UX
### Colour Scheme
we've opted for a simple black and white color scheme. This deliberate choice is intended to create a minimalist backdrop that allows the artwork to take center stage. By keeping the overall design subdued, we aim to highlight the vibrant colors and intricate details of the artwork featured on the site.

The monochromatic palette not only emphasizes the visual impact of the images but also lends a sense of sophistication and timelessness to the website's aesthetic. Additionally, the use of black and white provides a versatile canvas that allows the artwork to shine while ensuring readability and clarity of text and navigation elements.

By embracing simplicity in our color selection, we aim to create a cohesive and elegant visual experience that puts the focus squarely on the artistry and creativity of the showcased collections.


### Typography
#### Headings

![Font](documentation/montaga.webp)

For the headings, we've chosen the "Montaga" font. This font exudes elegance and sophistication, making it the perfect choice to represent the artist's brand and to headline the various sections of the website. Its graceful curves and bold strokes command attention, while its timeless aesthetic adds a touch of refinement to the overall design.

#### Body Text

![Font](documentation/opensans.webp)

The body text is set in "Open Sans." This font was selected for its clean and modern appearance, which enhances readability across different devices and screen sizes. With its neutral yet friendly demeanor, Open Sans ensures that the content remains accessible and easy to digest, allowing visitors to focus on the artist's narrative and portfolio without distraction.


## User Stories

### As a new User ...

- I want to easily navigate the site to find collections, products, and information about the artist.
- I want to view available collections and understand the themes or inspiration behind each.
- I want to see various products featuring Kicassoo’s artwork, with clear descriptions, sizes, and pricing.
- I want to know more about the artist and the story behind their work.
- I want to contact the artist directly for inquiries or specific requests.

### As a returning user ...
- I want to be able to sort and filter products by category or type (e.g., “Wall Art” or “Stationery”).
- I want to quickly access my cart and review items before checking out.
- I want a fast, secure, and intuitive checkout process.
- I want to be able to easily connect with the artist on social media.

### As Site Owner ...

- I want a site that reflects my artistic identity and vision.
- I want to manage products, including adding new items and updating details.
- I want my artwork to be be secure from theft.
- I want an integrated checkout process that handles orders efficiently.
- I want to receive notifications of new orders and manage fulfillment through Printful.

## Features
### Responsiveness & Accessibility
The site has been built to be perfectly responsive accross all devices for 320px wide and up. Special care has been taken to ensure the correct size image is loaded for the correct device type ensuring lower load times and high performance. 
The site Has a 100% accessibility score, ensuring it is accesible to screen readers and other assitive technologies Therefore reaching wider audiences.

### Image Copy protection code
To deter casual attempts at image theft, right-click options on images are disabled, preventing common actions such as "Copy" or "Save image as." Although this measure doesn’t provide complete protection, it acts as a basic deterrent. Collection images are also displayed with a copyright watermark overlay to act as a further detterent.

### Navigation
A clear, accessible navigation bar enables users to easily find their way around the site. The navigation bar includes the Kicassoo logo and links to essential pages. On smaller screens, the navigation collapses into a dropdown menu for seamless access.

### Printful API Integration
This integration automates product import and order fulfillment directly through Printful, enhancing the store’s print-on-demand capabilities:

- **Product Import Command:** Products from the artist’s Printful catalog can be imported directly into the store using the command:

python manage.py import_products

This command retrieves product details, including variants, sizes, and prices, ensuring accurate catalog management.

After importing products their category and description need to be added manually through the Django admin panel.

- **Automated Order Fulfillment:** When an order is completed, it is sent to Printful through the API for fulfillment, ensuring seamless order processing from checkout to delivery.

### Stripe Payments
Stripe powers secure payment processing within the store, allowing customers to pay with ease. Stripe’s PaymentIntent API creates a secure transaction environment, and users can confirm payments within the checkout flow.

### Stripe Webhook Integration
The Stripe Webhook monitors payment success and triggers the following automated processes:

- **Order Status Update:** Upon receiving a “payment succeeded” webhook, the system updates the order status to “completed.”
- **Order Transmission to Printful:** Once payment is confirmed, the completed order is automatically sent to Printful for production and shipping.

- **Order Confirmation Email** Upon a succesfull payment the order confirmation email is sent.

- **Failed Payment Handling:** If a payment fails, the webhook marks the order as “failed,” allowing site admins to follow up as necessary.

### Error Logging
Error logging has been integrated into the project to track and record system errors for improved debugging and maintenance. Using Python’s built-in logging library, the application logs critical issues, warnings, and error messages to a dedicated log file, allowing for:

- **Tracking Critical Errors:** Ensures that any failures, such as Stripe payment issues or Printful API request failures, are recorded.

- **Improved Debugging:** Logs provide a detailed account of errors, making it easier to troubleshoot and resolve issues promptly.

Error logs are stored in a dedicated "logs" directory, with different levels of logging (INFO, WARNING, ERROR) set for various aspects of the application.

## Page Features

### Home Page
The home page consists of A hero image, with 2 call to action buttons inviting the user to view the artist's collections or view the Print store.

### About me
The About page provides more in-depth information about the artist, displayed alongside an artist photo, offering users a personal look into the journey and inspiration behind the art.

### Collections
This page Features each of the artist's collections with a description, Image and a button to view the collection.

### Collection Gallery
Each Collection has its on gallery page to display the Art pieces from each collection, Here the user can find the Title of the art pieces. As well as a call to action contact button for the user to make enquiries, along side a view store button to invite the user to the eccom store.

### Contact form Modal
The contact form is embedded in a modal that can be accessed from any page. Using Django's email handling (connected to a Google account via an app password), the form sends user inquiries directly to the artist’s email. The form requires the user’s name, email address, and message, with built-in validation to ensure all fields are correctly completed.

![Contact Modal](documentation/contactmodal.webp)

### Product List Page
The Product List page displays the full selection of products available for purchase. Users can filter products by category and sort by price or other parameters, making it easy to browse through Kicassoo’s artwork applied to different product types, such as “Wall Art” and “Stationery.”

### Product Detail Page
Each product has a detail page where users can view available variants, select options like size, and view additional product information. Users can also adjust quantities and add items to their shopping bag from this page.

### Shopping Bag Page
The Shopping Bag page displays selected items, quantities, and subtotal costs, giving users control to adjust quantities or remove items. This page also allows users to proceed to checkout or return to shopping.

### Checkout Page
The Checkout page handles the payment and order summary, allowing users to enter delivery details, calculate shipping costs based on location, and proceed with payment using Stripe. Users see a clear breakdown of item costs, shipping, and the final total.

### Order Success Page
After a successful order, users are redirected to the Order Success page, where they receive confirmation of their purchase. Users are informed that an order confirmation email has been sent.

### Footer 
This contains social links and contact button for Kicasso as well as Socail links for the site developer.
![Desktop Footer](documentation/desktopfooter.webp)
![Mobile Footer](documentation/mobfooter.webp)


## Future features
### Expand Apps
Currently the events and collections pages are run from the home app, These could each have a seperate app allowing Admins and Owners to Add, Modify and delete events or collections without having to use code to make modifications

### Pagination
As there are more products added to the store, when the number reaces 20+ it would be a good idea to instal pigination on the product list page, this will provide a better user experience over an endles page of products

### Profiles
As orders climb in quantity it would be a good to add user profiling so users can access past orders and save delivery addresses etc. This is also good for data collection.


## DEPLOYMENT
### Local Deployment
This project can be cloned or forked in order to make a local copy on your own system.

#### Cloning

You can clone this repository by following these steps:

1. Go to the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Jaycode88/kicassoo) 
2. Locate the Code button above the list of files and click it 
3. Select if you prefer to clone using HTTPS, SSH, or GitHub CLI and click the copy button to copy the URL to your clipboard
4. Open Git Bash or Terminal
5. Change the current working directory to the one where you want the cloned directory
6. In your IDE Terminal, type the following command to clone my repository:
        - `git clone https://github.com/Jaycode88/kicassoo.git`
7. Press Enter to create your local clone.

Alternatively, if using Gitpod, you can click below to create your own workspace using this repository.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Jaycode88/kicassoo)

Please note that in order to directly open the project in Gitpod, you need to have the browser extension installed.
A tutorial on how to do that can be found [here](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/user-settings/browser-extension)

#### Forking

By forking the GitHub Repository, we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original owner's repository.
    
You can fork this repository by using the following steps:

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Jaycode88/kicassoo)
2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page) just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.
3. Once clicked, you should now have a copy of the original repository in your own GitHub account!

### Live Deployment

This section will be updated with platform-specific deployment instructions once a live hosting provider is selected.

## Tools and Technologies used
- [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML):  Provides the structural foundation for web content, organizing elements and layout for a cohesive design.
- [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS): Controls visual presentation, including layout, colors, and fonts, ensuring an aesthetically pleasing and consistent experience.
- [Javascript](https://www.javascript.com/): Adds interactivity and enhances user experience across dynamic elements such as forms and checkout features.
- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/): Simplifies JavaScript operations for interactivity and responsiveness, including navigation toggles and dynamic form behaviors.
- [Python](https://www.python.org/): The core programming language used for server-side logic in Django, processing data, and managing back-end functionality.
- [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/): The main web framework, providing essential features like ORM for database management, user authentication, and robust handling of views, models, and templates.
- [Django Crispy Forms](https://github.com/django-crispy-forms/crispy-bootstrap5): Enhances form rendering and styling, allowing for responsive forms with integrated Bootstrap components.
- [Stripe API](https://docs.stripe.com/api): Manages secure payments, including payment intents and webhooks to ensure real-time updates on order status and successful payments.
- [Stripe Webhook](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks): Receives updates on payment events, allowing the application to automatically confirm and update order statuses upon payment success.
- [Printful API](https://www.printful.com/api): Integrates with Printful for product import and order fulfillment, automating the management of print-on-demand items.
- [Git](https://git-scm.com): Used for version control, tracking changes and supporting collaboration with commands like git add, git commit, and git push.
- [GitHub](https://github.com): Provides secure online code storage and version control, with repository management for tracking development progress.
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/): A front-end framework for responsive design, creating a consistent layout across devices and enhancing visual elements.
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/): Provides a collection of icons used for visual and functional enhancement, such as navigation icons and action buttons.
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/): Supplies typography styles (Montaga, Open Sans, Montez) that align with the brand’s aesthetic.
- [Google Workspace](https://workspace.google.com/): Configures Django’s email backend with a secure Google app password, enabling contact form submissions to be sent directly to the artist’s inbox.
- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/): A powerful text editor used for coding, debugging, and development management with extensions for Django and Python support.
- [Python Logging Library](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html): Integrated error logging captures system errors and warnings, recording them in a dedicated log file for streamlined error tracking and troubleshooting.
- [Responsinator](http://www.responsinator.com/) Used to check responsiveness.

Commit message:

Minor changes to policy pages, Add policies to readme

README.md, after:

# [Kicassoo](https://jaycode88.github.io/Kicassoo/)


** amiresponsive image here **

Welcome to Kicassoo, the online showcase for an abstract artist's captivating collections. This website highlights Kicassoo's profile and creative works while offering visitors a glimpse into the vibrant world of contemporary art. With the addition of a dedicated Print Store, users can now explore and purchase a variety of products featuring Kicassoo's unique artwork, merging art appreciation with accessible, personalized pieces.

## Purpose
The primary purpose of the website is to establish a professional online presence for Kicassoo, an abstract artist, by showcasing curated collections and offering a unique shopping experience. Kicassoo serves as a platform to introduce the artist’s work to a broader audience, offering visitors an insight into the artist's creative vision and distinctive style.

With a focus on simplicity and elegance, the website features an accessible Print Store where visitors can purchase a variety of products adorned with Kicassoo's artwork. This addition enhances engagement by allowing art enthusiasts to bring Kicassoo’s creations into their personal spaces, further connecting them with the artist's expressive work. Through both artistic display and functional eCommerce, the site captures and celebrates the essence of Kicassoo's art, fostering a deeper connection with visitors.

## UX
### Colour Scheme
we've opted for a simple black and white color scheme. This deliberate choice is intended to create a minimalist backdrop that allows the artwork to take center stage. By keeping the overall design subdued, we aim to highlight the vibrant colors and intricate details of the artwork featured on the site.

The monochromatic palette not only emphasizes the visual impact of the images but also lends a sense of sophistication and timelessness to the website's aesthetic. Additionally, the use of black and white provides a versatile canvas that allows the artwork to shine while ensuring readability and clarity of text and navigation elements.

By embracing simplicity in our color selection, we aim to create a cohesive and elegant visual experience that puts the focus squarely on the artistry and creativity of the showcased collections.


### Typography
#### Headings

![Font](documentation/montaga.webp)

For the headings, we've chosen the "Montaga" font. This font exudes elegance and sophistication, making it the perfect choice to represent the artist's brand and to headline the various sections of the website. Its graceful curves and bold strokes command attention, while its timeless aesthetic adds a touch of refinement to the overall design.

#### Body Text

![Font](documentation/opensans.webp)

The body text is set in "Open Sans." This font was selected for its clean and modern appearance, which enhances readability across different devices and screen sizes. With its neutral yet friendly demeanor, Open Sans ensures that the content remains accessible and easy to digest, allowing visitors to focus on the artist's narrative and portfolio without distraction.


## User Stories

### As a new User ...

- I want to easily navigate the site to find collections, products, and information about the artist.
- I want to view available collections and understand the themes or inspiration behind each.
- I want to see various products featuring Kicassoo’s artwork, with clear descriptions, sizes, and pricing.
- I want to know more about the artist and the story behind their work.
- I want to contact the artist directly for inquiries or specific requests.

### As a returning user ...
- I want to be able to sort and filter products by category or type (e.g., “Wall Art” or “Stationery”).
- I want to quickly access my cart and review items before checking out.
- I want a fast, secure, and intuitive checkout process.
- I want to be able to easily connect with the artist on social media.

### As Site Owner ...

- I want a site that reflects my artistic identity and vision.
- I want to manage products, including adding new items and updating details.
- I want my artwork to be be secure from theft.
- I want an integrated checkout process that handles orders efficiently.
- I want to receive notifications of new orders and manage fulfillment through Printful.

## Features
### Responsiveness & Accessibility
The site has been built to be perfectly responsive accross all devices for 320px wide and up. Special care has been taken to ensure the correct size image is loaded for the correct device type ensuring lower load times and high performance. 
The site Has a 100% accessibility score, ensuring it is accesible to screen readers and other assitive technologies Therefore reaching wider audiences.

### Image Copy protection code
To deter casual attempts at image theft, right-click options on images are disabled, preventing common actions such as "Copy" or "Save image as." Although this measure doesn’t provide complete protection, it acts as a basic deterrent. Collection images are also displayed with a copyright watermark overlay to act as a further detterent.

### Navigation
A clear, accessible navigation bar enables users to easily find their way around the site. The navigation bar includes the Kicassoo logo and links to essential pages. On smaller screens, the navigation collapses into a dropdown menu for seamless access.

### Printful API Integration
This integration automates product import and order fulfillment directly through Printful, enhancing the store’s print-on-demand capabilities:

- **Product Import Command:** Products from the artist’s Printful catalog can be imported directly into the store using the command:

python manage.py import_products

This command retrieves product details, including variants, sizes, and prices, ensuring accurate catalog management.

After importing products their category and description need to be added manually through the Django admin panel.

- **Automated Order Fulfillment:** When an order is completed, it is sent to Printful through the API for fulfillment, ensuring seamless order processing from checkout to delivery.

### Stripe Payments
Stripe powers secure payment processing within the store, allowing customers to pay with ease. Stripe’s PaymentIntent API creates a secure transaction environment, and users can confirm payments within the checkout flow.

### Stripe Webhook Integration
The Stripe Webhook monitors payment success and triggers the following automated processes:

- **Order Status Update:** Upon receiving a “payment succeeded” webhook, the system updates the order status to “completed.”
- **Order Transmission to Printful:** Once payment is confirmed, the completed order is automatically sent to Printful for production and shipping.

- **Order Confirmation Email** Upon a succesfull payment the order confirmation email is sent.

- **Failed Payment Handling:** If a payment fails, the webhook marks the order as “failed,” allowing site admins to follow up as necessary.

### Error Logging
Error logging has been integrated into the project to track and record system errors for improved debugging and maintenance. Using Python’s built-in logging library, the application logs critical issues, warnings, and error messages to a dedicated log file, allowing for:

- **Tracking Critical Errors:** Ensures that any failures, such as Stripe payment issues or Printful API request failures, are recorded.

- **Improved Debugging:** Logs provide a detailed account of errors, making it easier to troubleshoot and resolve issues promptly.

Error logs are stored in a dedicated "logs" directory, with different levels of logging (INFO, WARNING, ERROR) set for various aspects of the application.

## Page Features

### Home Page
The home page consists of A hero image, with 2 call to action buttons inviting the user to view the artist's collections or view the Print store.

### About me
The About page provides more in-depth information about the artist, displayed alongside an artist photo, offering users a personal look into the journey and inspiration behind the art.

### Collections
This page Features each of the artist's collections with a description, Image and a button to view the collection.

### Collection Gallery
Each Collection has its on gallery page to display the Art pieces from each collection, Here the user can find the Title of the art pieces. As well as a call to action contact button for the user to make enquiries, along side a view store button to invite the user to the eccom store.

### Contact form Modal
The contact form is embedded in a modal that can be accessed from any page. Using Django's email handling (connected to a Google account via an app password), the form sends user inquiries directly to the artist’s email. The form requires the user’s name, email address, and message, with built-in validation to ensure all fields are correctly completed.

![Contact Modal](documentation/contactmodal.webp)

### Product List Page
The Product List page displays the full selection of products available for purchase. Users can filter products by category and sort by price or other parameters, making it easy to browse through Kicassoo’s artwork applied to different product types, such as “Wall Art” and “Stationery.”

### Product Detail Page
Each product has a detail page where users can view available variants, select options like size, and view additional product information. Users can also adjust quantities and add items to their shopping bag from this page.

### Shopping Bag Page
The Shopping Bag page displays selected items, quantities, and subtotal costs, giving users control to adjust quantities or remove items. This page also allows users to proceed to checkout or return to shopping.

### Checkout Page
The Checkout page handles the payment and order summary, allowing users to enter delivery details, calculate shipping costs based on location, and proceed with payment using Stripe. Users see a clear breakdown of item costs, shipping, and the final total.

### Order Success Page
After a successful order, users are redirected to the Order Success page, where they receive confirmation of their purchase. Users are informed that an order confirmation email has been sent.

### Footer 
This contains social links and contact button for Kicasso as well as Socail links for the site developer.
![Desktop Footer](documentation/desktopfooter.webp)
![Mobile Footer](documentation/mobfooter.webp)

### Terms and conditions & Privacy Policy
These pages outline the terms and conditions and privacy policy for the user.


## Future features
### Expand Apps
Currently the events and collections pages are run from the home app, These could each have a seperate app allowing Admins and Owners to Add, Modify and delete events or collections without having to use code to make modifications

### Pagination
As there are more products added to the store, when the number reaces 20+ it would be a good idea to instal pigination on the product list page, this will provide a better user experience over an endles page of products

### Profiles
As orders climb in quantity it would be a good to add user profiling so users can access past orders and save delivery addresses etc. This is also good for data collection.


## DEPLOYMENT
### Local Deployment
This project can be cloned or forked in order to make a local copy on your own system.

#### Cloning

You can clone this repository by following these steps:

1. Go to the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/Jaycode88/kicassoo) 
2. Locate the Code button above the list of files and click it 
3. Select if you prefer to clone using HTTPS, SSH, or GitHub CLI and click the copy button to copy the URL to your clipboard
4. Open Git Bash or Terminal
5. Change the current working directory to the one where you want the cloned directory
6. In your IDE Terminal, type the following command to clone my repository:
        - `git clone https://github.com/Jaycode88/kicassoo.git`
7. Press Enter to create your local clone.

Alternatively, if using Gitpod, you can click below to create your own workspace using this repository.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Jaycode88/kicassoo)

Please note that in order to directly open the project in Gitpod, you need to have the browser extension installed.
A tutorial on how to do that can be found [here](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/user-settings/browser-extension)

#### Forking

By forking the GitHub Repository, we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original owner's repository.
    
You can fork this repository by using the following steps:

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Jaycode88/kicassoo)
2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page) just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.
3. Once clicked, you should now have a copy of the original repository in your own GitHub account!

### Live Deployment

This section will be updated with platform-specific deployment instructions once a live hosting provider is selected.

## Tools and Technologies used
- [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML):  Provides the structural foundation for web content, organizing elements and layout for a cohesive design.
- [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS): Controls visual presentation, including layout, colors, and fonts, ensuring an aesthetically pleasing and consistent experience.
- [Javascript](https://www.javascript.com/): Adds interactivity and enhances user experience across dynamic elements such as forms and checkout features.
- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/): Simplifies JavaScript operations for interactivity and responsiveness, including navigation toggles and dynamic form behaviors.
- [Python](https://www.python.org/): The core programming language used for server-side logic in Django, processing data, and managing back-end functionality.
- [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/): The main web framework, providing essential features like ORM for database management, user authentication, and robust handling of views, models, and templates.
- [Django Crispy Forms](https://github.com/django-crispy-forms/crispy-bootstrap5): Enhances form rendering and styling, allowing for responsive forms with integrated Bootstrap components.
- [Stripe API](https://docs.stripe.com/api): Manages secure payments, including payment intents and webhooks to ensure real-time updates on order status and successful payments.
- [Stripe Webhook](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks): Receives updates on payment events, allowing the application to automatically confirm and update order statuses upon payment success.
- [Printful API](https://www.printful.com/api): Integrates with Printful for product import and order fulfillment, automating the management of print-on-demand items.
- [Git](https://git-scm.com): Used for version control, tracking changes and supporting collaboration with commands like git add, git commit, and git push.
- [GitHub](https://github.com): Provides secure online code storage and version control, with repository management for tracking development progress.
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/): A front-end framework for responsive design, creating a consistent layout across devices and enhancing visual elements.
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/): Provides a collection of icons used for visual and functional enhancement, such as navigation icons and action buttons.
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/): Supplies typography styles (Montaga, Open Sans, Montez) that align with the brand’s aesthetic.
- [Google Workspace](https://workspace.google.com/): Configures Django’s email backend with a secure Google app password, enabling contact form submissions to be sent directly to the artist’s inbox.
- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/): A powerful text editor used for coding, debugging, and development management with extensions for Django and Python support.
- [Python Logging Library](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html): Integrated error logging captures system errors and warnings, recording them in a dedicated log file for streamlined error tracking and troubleshooting.
- [Responsinator](http://www.responsinator.com/) Used to check responsiveness.
